{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red174\green17\blue100;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c74510\c16471\c46667;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Method\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 STEP 1
\f1\b0\fs27 Gently heat the milk in a small\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bbcgoodfood.com/content/five-best-saucepans"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 saucepan}}\'a0until steaming, then remove from the heat and leave to cool slightly. Combine the flour, salt, yeast and caster sugar in a large bowl. Make a well in the centre, and pour in 4 tbsp olive oil and 250ml of the warm milk. Stir to combine, adding the rest of the milk if the dough feels dry. Tip out onto a lightly floured surface and knead for 10 mins, then put in a lightly oiled bowl. Cover and leave to rise for 1 hr 30 mins-2 hrs until doubled in size.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs36 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs24 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 STEP 2
\f1\b0\fs27 To make the sauce, heat the oil in a saucepan over a low heat and fry the onion with a large pinch of salt for 12-15 mins, or until the onion is softened and translucent. Add the garlic and fry for 1 min more. Stir in the tomatoes, tomato pur\'e9e, oregano and sugar. Bring to the boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook uncovered for 15-20 mins, or until the sauce has thickened. Season. If you prefer a smooth sauce, blitz with a\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bbcgoodfood.com/content/top-five-hand-blenders"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 hand blender}}.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs36 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs24 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 STEP 3
\f1\b0\fs27 Lightly oil a roughly 33 x 23cm\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bbcgoodfood.com/content/kimberley-wilsons-top-5-baking-trays"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 baking tray}}. Roll the risen dough out slightly with a rolling pin, then stretch it over the tray and into the corners, pushing it up the edges to make a lipped crust. Spread over the tomato sauce and top with most of the mozzarella. Cover and leave to rest for 30 mins.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs36 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs24 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 STEP 4
\f1\b0\fs27 Heat the oven to 240C/220C fan/gas 8 with a baking sheet inside to heat up \'96 it should be large enough to hold the pizza tray. Combine the pork, breadcrumbs, egg yolk, fennel seeds and some seasoning in a large bowl. Mix everything with your hands for about 5 mins until well combined, then roll the mixture into 12 balls. Heat the remaining oil in a large\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.bbcgoodfood.com/content/top-five-non-stick-frying-pans"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 non-stick frying pan}}\'a0over a medium heat, and fry the meatballs for 5 mins until evenly browned. Set aside.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs36 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs24 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 STEP 5
\f1\b0\fs27 Brush the crust of the pizza with a little oil, then sprinkle over the polenta. Top the pizza with the meatballs, pressing them into the sauce and cheese a little, then scatter over the remaining mozzarella. Immediately slide the pizza tray onto the hot baking sheet and bake for 15-18 mins, or until the pizza is cooked through in the middle and crisp around the edges. Scatter over the parmesan and oregano, then slice into six squares to serve.}
No more milk please..
aha: way more milk!
less milk
